KT-50452  Make flexible html for customization (#2374)
Kotlin/dokka: docs/src/doc/docs/user_guide/base-specific/frontend.md

## Prerequisites

Dokka's HTML format requires a web server to view documentation correctly.
This can be achieved by using the one that is build in IntelliJ or providing your own.
If this requisite is not fulfilled Dokka with fail to load navigation pane and search bars.

!!! important

>     Concepts specified below apply only to configuration of the Base Plugin (that contains HTML format) 

Author: It is a name of format and is not related to a task name. For instance see https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/

 
Every file provided in those values will be applied to **every** page.

Dokka uses 4 stylesheets:

* `style.css` - main css file responsible for styling the page
* `jetbrains-mono.css` - fonts used across dokka
* `logo-styles.css` - logo styling
* [`prism.css`](https://github.com/Kotlin/dokka/blob/master/plugins/base/src/main/resources/dokka/styles/prism.css) - code highlighting

Also, it uses js scripts. The actual ones are [here](https://github.com/Kotlin/dokka/tree/master/plugins/base/src/main/resources/dokka/scripts).

> User can choose to add or override those files. 

Author: Yes, It is possible.

> User can choose to add or override those files. 

Reviewer: Is it described anywhere? I couldn't find anything. 

If it's not, can you add some info about this, please?

For build system specific instructions please visit dedicated pages: [gradle](../gradle/usage.md#applying-plugins), [maven](../maven/usage.md#applying-plugins) and [cli](../cli/usage.md#configuration-options)

## Custom HTML pages

Dokka uses [FreeMarker](https://freemarker.apache.org/) template engine to render pages. 

> It takes templates from a folder that is set by a property `templatesDir`.
> To custom HTML output user can use a [default template](https://github.com/Kotlin/dokka/blob/master/plugins/base/src/main/resources/dokka/templates) as a basic.
> 
> !!! note
>     To change page assets user can set properties `customAssets` and `customStyleSheets`.
>     Assets are handled by Dokka.
> 
> Currently, there is one template file `base.ftl`. It defines general design of all pages to render.  
> 
> Variables given below are available to a template:
>   - `${pageName}` - a page name
>   - `${footerMessage}` - a text is set by `footerMessage` property
>   - `${sourceSets}` - a nullable list of source set, only for multi-platform pages. Each source set has `name`, `platfrom` and `filter` properties.
> 
> Also, Dokka-defined [directives](https://freemarker.apache.org/docs/ref_directive_userDefined.html) can be used:
>   - `<@content/>` - a main content
>   - `<@resources/>` - scripts, stylesheets 
>   - `<@version/>` - version (A version plugin replace this with a version navigator)
>   - `<@template_cmd name="...""> ...</@template_cmd>` - is used for stuff (`pathToRoot`, `projectName` are `name` parameter, local variables as well) that dependent on a root project. This is processed by a multi-module task that assembles a partial outputs from modules. 
>      Example:
>     ```
>     <@template_cmd name="projectName">
>        <span>${projectName}</span>
>     </@template_cmd>
>     ```

Reviewer: Proposing to change `user` to `you` - it seems to be a common approach in user guides (looked at a few articles on kotlinlang and some coroutine pages)

Feel free to follow up on any proposed change, I can give more details as to why I'm suggesting it

Do tell me if I misunderstood what you meant in some of these

```suggestion
Templates are taken from the folder that is defined by the `templatesDir` property.
To customize HTML output, you can use the [default template](https://github.com/Kotlin/dokka/blob/master/plugins/base/src/main/resources/dokka/templates) as a starting point.

!!! note
    To change page assets, you can set properties `customAssets` and `customStyleSheets`.
    Assets are handled by Dokka itself, not FreeMaker.

Currently, there is only one template file `base.ftl`. It defines general design of all pages to render.  

Variables given below are available to every template:
  - `${pageName}` - page name
  - `${footerMessage}` - text that is set by the `footerMessage` property
  - `${sourceSets}` - a nullable list of source sets, only for multi-platform pages. Each source set has `name`, `platfrom` and `filter` properties.

Also, Dokka-defined [directives](https://freemarker.apache.org/docs/ref_directive_userDefined.html) can be used:
  - `<@content/>` - the main content
  - `<@resources/>` - scripts, stylesheets 
  - `<@version/>` - version ([versioning-plugin](https://kotlin.github.io/dokka/1.6.10/user_guide/versioning/versioning/) will replace this with a version navigator)
  - `<@template_cmd name="...""> ...</@template_cmd>` - is used for variables that dependent on the root project (such`pathToRoot`, `projectName`, `name`, local variables, etc) . This is processed by a multi-module task that assembles partial outputs from modules. 
     Example:
    ```
    <@template_cmd name="projectName">
       <span>${projectName}</span>
    </@template_cmd>
    ```
```

Author: > Proposing to change user to you - it seems to be a common approach in user guides (looked at a few articles on kotlinlang and some coroutine pages)
 
I do not like it neither but our documentation contains 'user' everywhere. I suppose It need to fix it everywhere in another PR.
